Sprint 1 Usability Testing

Task 1: I asked my user to just click around and see how the app looks like.

Feedback: There were a lot of empty spaces in the login page when I first looked at it, 
could add more elements on it. The color of the overall design is boring, and should use 
more diverse themes. And there is no way for me to log out in the settings page.    	
      	
Task 2: I asked my user to focus more on the home page and see how the homepage is connected 
to other pages.

Feedback: Should add more effects while changing the page, all the pages just changed in one 
moment like a PowerPoint, and there is a large white box in the homepage which gives me no 
idea about what that is.
      	
Task 3: I asked my user to take a look at the user’s own page and other user’s home page and 
give some feedback about those.

Feedback: There are a few buttons that I thought would give me some feedback, but they didn’t. 
For example, in the user’s own page, the ‘show more’ button in the bottom does not give me any 
feedback and in the accept friend request page, the notification of the friend request from other 
users’ does not disappear after I click accept or reject.
 
Task 4: I told my user to give some feedback about the rest of the pages if he has anything to say about it.

Feedback: In the message page, there is a whole box in the right button corner which does not 
give me any ideas about what that is and in the settings page, there is only one button I can 
click in the left, but there are a lot of empty buttons left.

Conclusion: Based on the initial testing, there are a few aspects that need to be improved. 
First, the theme of the overall design should be more diverse or attractive. Second, adding 
a logout functionality in the settings page which we all forgot in the first sprint while designing 
the application. Third, provide all the places in the pages a clear functionality or feedback to 
make the user not confused about what they can do with those fields. Last, give more effects while 
changing the pages to another.
