Project Description:

As a group we decided to build a social media platform for gamers. The goal of our platform is to allow gamers to share their contents such as via uploading their play of the game clips.
Our platform also allows users to engage with other users who have simillar interests in terms of games they play by selecting top 3 games they usually play. This allows our platform to render their feed with relevant contents to them.
Finally our platform allows users to communicate their friends via messaging services in the application with allowing them to like and comment on each others post.


Team Contract:

1. As a team, research and discuss 3 ways that you can help set expectations
    a. We will set and define clear checkpoints for the projects.
    b. We will solve any confusions each member would have
    about the documentation of the project during the group
    discussion.
    c. Help each other out in terms of confusion or unexpected
    troubles come out and properly communicate

2. As a team, find one thing about each team member that is unique (skill, experience, goal)    
    Daniel: able to have an open mind when working with others on a project
    Eric: I'm a decently creative thinker and I also consider myself to be a strong listener
    Shad: Have software development and management skills from internships and personal projects which can be used to successfully deliver the expectation for the team project
    Dheeraj: Has both mobile and web development experience and is design enthusiast which can help in the development cycle of the projects.
    Ze: Have some backend experience that deals with the databases and information transformation between clients to the server.

3. As a team, how will you communicate? In person? Via e-mail? Piazza? Slack? Decide on at least 2 channels of communication. (Your PM may require an additional channel).
    a. We will communicate both in person and also via Discord.

4. How will you resolve conflict? Decide on a method to resolve disagreements. Funny is best.
    a. To resolve a conflict, we will approach the conflict in aN appropriate manner on how to solve the conflict as a team.
    b. We will be very communicative with each other when a member is struggling on a task on the assignment.
    c. Will try to handle the situation amongst ourselves as best as we can first, but if we can’t get to a proper solution we will ask the instructor for help mediating it.